(mellow piano music)
-(inmates chattering)
-(silverware dinging)
[Boruto] What do you
think about Kokuri?
[Mitsuki] Well, he was a
member of the Mujina Gang.
I think he's still
hiding something.
Agreed, I mean, we know
he's hidden the money
he stole from the Gang.
Also, he pulled a robbery
that landed him here
in Hozuki Castle, right?
We should just ask him flat out.
[Boruto] Hey,
Kokuri, got a minute?
What's up?
Where did you put all of
the money that you stole?
I hid it someplace
that's completely safe.
And you can't tell us where?
I'll tell you, but
once I get outta here.
Kokuri, you know--
If you guys are
talking about cash,
you better let me in on it, too!
[Boruto] We're not
talking about that at all.
-I'm finished.
-Leaving so soon?
I don't have much
of an appetite.
-(munching)
-I get ya!
Who can eat this
rotten slop here?
Hold on!
We're not done talking
about the money!
Hey, so since it's the gang's
money we're talking about,
it must be a lot, right?
How much is it, anyway?
-How should I know that?
-Aw, don't play dumb!
I mean, we're
friends now, right?
Come on, let's be buds!
-(scoffs)
-Those guys--
Our mission to protect Kokuri's
finally going smoothly.
But still, he won't
tell us anything.
Yeah, you're right.
We're still gonna
have to confirm
if Kokuri is someone
we can trust.
(opening theme music)
(singing in Japanese)
(shoes thumping)
(knocking on door)
You make a decision about
getting rid of Kokuri?
[Benga] I already
told you, no murder.
[Tsukiyo] It's not murder.
All you have to do is send him
to Hozuki Castle Number Two
where my underlings are.
You just have to
authorize the transfer.
Nothing wrong with that, right?
My guys will take
care of the rest.
Transferring a prisoner
isn't as easy as that.
Kokuri stole a lot of our
money and ran off with it.
He took a lot more than the
jewels I gave you were worth.
What would you do if I said
you got to keep it all?
(Benga gulping)
All I'm doing is spreading
the luck around a little.
You've gotta be careful
who you say things to.
[Tsukiyo] You that
afraid of Mujo?
Don't you underestimate me.
I'm the warden around here.
So, if Kokuri really
is up to something,
then, I'll make sure that
he's punished for it.
(scoffing)
(soft music)
Hold it!
There's something really
fishy about you two.
[Boruto] We haven't
done anything wrong.
[Benga] What's your
connection to Kokuri?
Nothing, we're just
friends, that's all.
[Benga] Friends, huh?
Look, I don't know
what you're scheming,
but don't think that
you can fool me!
(Boruto giggles)
We really aren't scheming
anything at all, Warden Benga.
(Benga scoffs)
Well, I've still got
other ways to find out
what their little secrets are.
You seem to be friendly
with Boruto and Kokuri.
Huh?
(munching)
What? No way!
Those guys are
pains in the neck!
You really get what
I'm talking about.
I don't wanna have
anything to do with them.
In fact, I wish I could
be moved to another cell.
Oh, by the way,
you made a lot on that bet
with Doragu, didn't you?
What do you mean?
-I didn't make anything!
-Don't lie.
I know you are, because
whenever you do,
your nostrils flare like that.
Huh?
[Benga] Never mind that now.
I just heard that your little
sister's sick and needs money.
I'm sorry, Warden Benga!
[Benga] You are so thoughtful!
You want one?
-What, really?
-Don't hold back.
(munching)
Tasty, huh?
I haven't had one in so long!
-Thank you!
-No need for thanks.
I bought them with
your money, after all.
You sure had a lot
squirreled away, didn't you?
Unauthorized savings are
prohibited at Hozuki Castle.
So, your money's been seized.
[Kamata] Please, wait!
Is your sister that
precious to you?
You wrote, "Your big
brother's traveling
"in the Land of Lightning now."
"Recently, I rescued a boy
attacked by Rogue Shinobi.
"Everyone showered
me with admiration."
"I was hurt in the battle,
"but I consider it
my badge of courage.
"So, don't worry about me."
Really?
The guy who's known as the
coward of Hozuki Prison
fought against Rogue Shinobi.
I doubt you're capable
of such bravery!
I wouldn't mind telling
your little sister
that you're really a convict.
Plus, if she learns that you
committed aggravated robbery
to get the money
for her surgery,
then your sister's
illness is bound
to become a whole lot worse.
No, please, Warden Benga,
sir, don't let my sister know.
I hear she's recovering
in the hospital
after her surgery thanks to
the Medical Foundation's aid.
Yes, sir.
And wouldn't you
like to see her?
But what do I have to do?
Find out what Kokuri
and Boruto are up to.
If I become a rat,
then everyone in here
will hate me like
they do Kedama,
I won't make it out alive.
Don't worry.
All of this is just between us.
Nobody else will find out, and
you'll get your money back.
[Kamata] But--
Who cares if all of the
other inmates hate you?
Isn't your sister worth it?
You mean it?
You'll actually
let me visit her?
Of course, I'm no liar.
(bright music)
(birds chirping)
I can't believe they did
something so horrible.
[Kedama] Everyone's bored
and has time on their hands.
[Mitsuki] You like flowers?
[Kedama] It's not really
about liking or hating them.
Then, why do you
take care of them?
I've already forgotten.
(birds chirping)
[Kokuri] What did
you want to show me?
Just come with me, you'll
find out soon enough.
(giggling)
This is for my sister,
don't hold it against me.
It's in here?
Yeah, wait here a sec.
(book thudding)
Boruto?
(door thuds open)
Are you over there?
(gasps)
(dramatic music)
Tsukiyo!
I thought you were in solitary!
Yeah, I was, but I
came out to kill you.
-(grunting)
-(knife whistling)
(dramatic music)
Boruto!
Are you okay?
-(grunting)
-(knife whistling)
Hey, guard!
We need help in here!
(dramatic music)
Why isn't anyone
coming to help us out?
-(grunting)
-(thumping)
No, Boruto!
-(Boruto moaning)
-Just run!
[Kokuri] But--!
Where did you hide all the
money that you stole from us?
[Kokuri] I don't know!
Do you want him to
die or something?
-(Boruto moaning)
-No, stop!
All right!
All right, I'll talk!
The money is--
It's all gone!
You were the accountant.
we know you took the
money, there's no doubt.
And there's no way you could
spend that much so quickly!
I'm not lying!
The day I ran away, I
donated all the money I took!
[Sarada] Release!
-(buzzing)
-(Kokuri gasps)
Tsukiyo?
Are you serious?
I never even heard of
anyone donating the money
that they stole before.
You'd wouldn't expect someone
from a gang of
robbers to do that.
What's going on here?
[Boruto] Sorry for
doing that to ya.
But we used a genjutsu on you
so we could find out
what the truth is.
(book thudding)
(air whooshing)
(buzzing)
Ugh, damn it.
I wonder if the Leaf
would even believe us
if we reported that all
of the money was donated.
But still, I do believe you
are telling us the truth.
Thank you, Boruto.
[Kamata] Boruto and that girl
are actually Leaf Shinobi?
[Mitsuki] It's hard to believe,
but it appears to be true.
Come on, now, Mitsuki!
I mean, you don't have to double
check everything, ya know!
But that's part of
our mission, right?
It's Kokuri's fault for
hiding it from us until now.
She's right, I'm sorry.
So, I guess you are
a good guy after all!
-(paper tearing)
-Hey, what are you doing?
Actually, I'm not
a good guy at all.
(soft music)
I was never that
good at ninjutsu,
so I got a job as an accountant.
Deposit this in the bank.
It's all of the money
from today's sales.
Okay.
Later, I found out
that it was money
that the Mujina Gang had stolen.
(paper thudding)
When I learned that the money
was all from an
attack the day before,
the one all the papers
were talking about,
my mind went blank, and I
ran away in desperation.
(shoes thudding)
(suspenseful music)
Then, I realized that I
ran off holding the money.
In the middle of my
panic and confusion,
a poster caught my eye.
This was dirty money.
I wanted it to be used
to help sick kids.
And so, I donated all of it!
Honestly, I'm
amazed you survived.
I didn't really feel
alive back then.
-(steps knocking)
-(Kokuri panting)
(air whooshing)
A Mujina Gang member spotted
me, so I ran like hell.
(waterfall gushing)
(water splashing)
(water gushing)
(Kokuri panting)
Swimming's the one thing
I've always been good at.
And this time, it saved my life.
(shoes thudding)
I felt like I'd been
given a second chance,
and I swore that I'd
atone by helping people.
[Woman] What are you doing?
Hand it over!
Hey, just let go of it, lady!
One day, I was trying
to help a woman
whose wallet was stolen.
I punched the pickpocket
and returned it.
But it turned out she
was the pickpocket,
and the man I punched
was the victim!
So, I ended up being charged
as the woman's accomplice.
I was given a sentence
here at Hozuki Castle
for aggravated robbery.
I could only accept it.
I was guilty of being a
member of the gang, after all.
-Yeah, I get it, ya' know.
-Boruto.
[Boruto] Okay, no more
secrets from now on!
But I'm serious, I
don't have the money!
You'll still protect me, right?
Come on, is that really
what you're worried about?
The money doesn't
matter to us at all.
We're Leaf shinobi,
just trust us.
Don't worry, we'll
protect you for sure!
Okay, thank you, guys!
(light switch clicking)
(shoes knocking)
(snickering)
He actually donated
all the money he took?
Man, Kokuri is such an idiot!
Oh, well, at least now
I know what's going on
between the two of them.
I'll be able to see my sister.
I'm just gonna take
this with me as proof.
(gasps)
What?
The money that Kokuri donated.
It helped my sister?
(sobbing)
(bird cooing)
[Shikamaru] We've received
word from the Hidden Grass.
Kokuri's going to be paroled.
It seems that his prison term
had been unfairly lengthened.
Man, that's so irresponsible!
I've always known Mr. Mujo to
be strict about regulations.
[Shikamaru] He may be the
Lord of Hozuki Castle,
but I guess it's hard
to oversee everything.
Anyway, once he's
released on parole,
Boruto and the others'
mission to guard Kokuri
will be finished.
Well, good, that'll
be a relief, then.
Please notify Boruto and
the others right away.
I'll go ahead and
contact Mr. Mujo, then.
[Naruto] Yes, please.
Then, all that's left is for
Kokuri to get to the Leaf
so we can question him.
And that means we're
finally gonna get some intel
on the Mujina Gang!
(bludgeon thudding)
I hope you have something
interesting to tell me.
Yeah, about Boruto
and the others--
Well, they're--
Completely clean, there's
nothing going on between them!
[Benga] You dare lie to me?
-(bludgeon thudding)
-Ah!
Why, you little bastard!
But it's true!
I couldn't turn up
anything suspicious
about those guys at all!
That isn't the truth, is it?
You want your sister to know
you're in Hozuki Castle?
(Kamata moaning)
[Kamata] Boruto and Kokuri
don't have any secrets.
Why you--
You realize what's going
to happen, don't you?
[Haie] Mr. Benga, Lord
Mujo has summoned you.
What a pain in the neck!
Hey, Haie!
Extend this guy's sentence
and throw him into solitary.
[Haie] Yes, sir!
You're trash.
(soft music)
[Haie] You messed up
defying Mr. Benga like that.
(Kamata sobbing)
Your brother fought
with that big jerk Benga
and he protected the
man who saved your life.
It's a real badge of courage.
Big bro is gonna
turn his life around.
(clearing throat)
Kokuri is going to be
released on parole shortly.
Parole?
But--
Is there some kind
of problem with that?
No, but, I mean, the
man's a criminal!
This decision was made by
the Hidden Grass Village.
[Benga] I understand.
By the way, I've received word
that you've been extending
prison sentences arbitrarily.
Is that truly what
you've been doing?
I just did it
to punish rebellious
behavior among the prisoners!
[Mujo] Whatever the reason was,
I cannot overlook
such improper actions
taken against the inmates.
You mean you're siding
with criminals against me?
No, that isn't what I'm doing.
Benga, I'm going to
have to place you
on indefinite suspension.
Expect to receive
a harsh punishment
from the Hidden Grass Village.
There's no future for you here.
But, Lord Mujo!
Think hard about what you've
done and repent your actions.
But that's--
Please, just wait!
I won't do it again!
I cannot bend the rules for you.
Please, Lord Mujo,
I'm very sorry.
Forgive me!
Benga!
We're finished talking now.
You may leave.
(Mujo grunting)
-(Mujo thumping on floor)
-(Mujo moaning)
(dramatic music)
So, I ought to think
hard about what I've done
and repent my actions, you say?
Don't you dare act so
conceited in front of me.
(suspenseful music)
(fire blasts)
As long as this is gone,
then Hozuki Castle and Kokuri's
money will both be mine.
(dramatic music)
Mr. Mujo!
-(Sarada panting)
-What's wrong?
-What happened to him?
-Just stay back!
(dramatic music)
Mr. Mujo!
(soft electric guitar music)
I wasn't sure you'd
be getting back to me.
I'll transfer Kokuri to
Hozuki Castle Number Two.
Are you satisfied now?
(Tsukiyo scoffs)
[Tsukiyo] It seems that luck
has smiled on you as well!
-Where's Kokuri's money?
-Look, don't be so hasty.
Although I do have an
idea of where he hid it.
If you end up betraying me,
you know what'll happen, right?
[Tsukiyo] Don't worry, I don't
stand for betrayal either.
Then, keep your word.
(dramatic music)
It appears that luck is
well within our grasp.
(soft electric guitar notes)
Doesn't something feel off?
It's way past dinner time now,
but we're still locked
up in our cells.
And not only that, but
old man Kamata's gone.
[Mitsuki] I wonder if
something happened to him.
I haven't seen him since this
morning in the cafeteria.
Maybe his stomach's
bothering him?
Things just aren't
the same in here
without that loudmouth around.
(bell tolling)
Attention!
(shoes knocking)
Starting today,
I'll be standing in as
the Lord of the Castle,
and looking after
all you inmates!
[Mitsuki] Standing in?
[Boruto] What
happened to Mr. Mujo?
You should get smacked for that,
but it's a good question,
so I'll answer it.
He's fallen ill.
What did you say?
I may not know exactly
what you're scheming,
but there's no one in here
to protect you anymore.
[Boruto] And what happened
to old man Kamata?
He's in solitary
confinement now.
[Boruto] What's going on?
[Benga] You're going
to be leaving soon.
Really?
I am?
Your transfer to Hozuki
Castle Number Two
has been authorized.
By next week, you'll be
reunited with your old friends.
[Kokuri] No, you can't do this.
-Please, not there!
-(bludgeon hitting)
-Ah!
-What are you doing?
Enjoy this time with your
friends, while you still can.
(dramatic music)
It's all over for me.
I'm gonna be killed soon.
Don't worry, Kokuri,
you still have us.
Although, why are they in
a rush to transfer you?
I don't know why!
Hozuki Castle Number Two
is where the members of the
Mujina Gang are kept locked up.
If I go, I'm gonna die for sure!
The transfer's early next week.
And without Lord Mujo,
we won't be able to
contact the Leaf.
It's really all over for me!
I said you'll be
okay, all right?
[Kokuri] But--
This means we'll have to
do it before the transfer.
Do what?
Take Kokuri and break
him out of this prison.
Break him out?
(gasps)
I promised him I'd get him out
and take him to the Hidden Leaf,
so, that's exactly
what I'm gonna do.
(closing theme music)
(dramatic music)
[Mitsuki] There's not much time
before Kokuri's transferred
to Hozuki Prison Number Two.
[Boruto] For us to break
out of here with him--
[Sarada] We have to
find a safe route
and a way to release the
Celestial Prison Jutsu.
Lots of problems to solve, huh?
[Mitsuki] We have
to proceed carefully
without any mistakes.
It's going to be tricky.
[Boruto] Next time on Boruto
Naruto Next Generations,
"Breaking out of Hozuki Castle."
We'll do it tomorrow morning.
We gotta make sure
the prison break
will be successful by then!
(closing theme music)